There can't be such a bad person, right?
Is there? I don't know.
But those who have done it must know
There is a saying that Skynet is magnificent but not leaking
Those who have done it must be punished
Miss comrade
What do you mean?
I know you just thought I was targeting you
But I am also for the good of your Zhou family.
You don't have to target me.
It's just too much.
The world has nothing to do with Yang Yujie
Don't worry, his good days are over.
No, Jiangzicun can't stay anymore
Don't make such a fuss
This is Yang Yujie's office
Comrade Yang Yangjuan
We are from the Maritime Military Office
I suspect you have something to do with Tom Yizhuang
Please come with us.
It has nothing to do with me.
It's not me, it doesn't matter.
Not me.
It's really not me.
Hey